gh-95371: Add support for other image formats(e.g. PNG) to the turtle… (#95378)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-07-28-12-32-59.gh-issue-95371.F24IFC.rst

> Added support for other image formats(e.g. PNG) to the turtle module. Patch by Shin-myoung-serp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for other image formats (e.g. PNG) to the turtle module. Patch by Shin-myoung-serp.
```

> Added support for other image formats (e.g. PNG) to the turtle module. Patch by Shin-myoung-serp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for other image formats (PNG, PGM, and PPM) to the turtle module. Patch by Shin-myoung-serp.
```
